(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
You and your friends
are doomed...
doomed...
because of you!
You're through,
Yuma.
There's nothing
left for you.
(Caswell)
I can't believe
Ray was a Barian.
I can't believe Yuma knew it
and kept it a secret from us!
I'm really
sorry!
Yuma.
Together we
can do this.
(both)
Go Zexal Morph!
(Vector)
Astral, do you really think
you can be one with Yuma?
After what he's done,
how can you ever trust him?
Don't listen
to him!
Your bond
is no more!
When two distant souls
become one,
the power of
Zexal is revealed...
Astral, stop.
Something's happened
to you!
Correct!
My eyes have been
opened to the truth.
Oh no!
No!
♪♪
♪ Still together as one
cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight
together regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing
to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ?
♪ Believing ?
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪♪
(Yuma)
Where...
Wait, I know
where.
I got
pulled into--
Hold up.
Astral.
What is that...?
Astral?
I gotta
go find him.
Astral!
(gasping)
Well,
well, well.
It seems the power
of Zexal
has taken a
turn for the worse.
(Yuma)
Astral...
Astral I gotta make
this right.
I'm so sorry...
I'm so sorry I kept
the truth about Ray a secret.
Yuma, you have
betrayed me.
Your dishonesty has
destroyed my trust in you.
(rumbling)
It's my move.
Now let's see what kind
of trouble I can summon up.
Dark Draw!
Oh please...
First I summon...
Darx Zexal Weapon
Chimera Clad!
Now witness the dark power of
Chimera Clad's special ability!
This card destroys your
trap Vain Betrayer!
And now that that
card has been vanquished,
Chimera Clad equips on
to Utopia Ray V!
When Utopia Ray V is
equipped with Chimera Clad,
it loses its special
abilities,
but its dark power
makes it invincible.
Utopia Ray V
finish Masquerade!
What?
What are you
thinking?
Masquerade has
more attack points!
Even if Utopia Ray V
isn't destroyed,
you still
take damage!
Thanks to Chimera Clad's
special ability,
when I take
damage from battle,
Utopia Ray V can attack again
with double its attack points.
Dark Charge!
It can?
Utopia Ray V attack
Masquerade again!
I activate the trap
Extra Hundred!
Thanks to this trap, you
can't destroy my monster!
Unfortunately...
your Utopia Ray V
can attack again.
Utopia Ray V,
take out Masquerade!
I activate Extra Hundred's
other effect!
Now when Masquerade
is attacked,
its attack points become
100 more than your monster!
I don't care if it's
a 100 or a 1,000!
I double Utopia Ray V's attack
points and attack you again!
Utopia Ray V
you know what to do!
Extra Hundred's effect
activates!
So you take
damage once again.
(Vector)
He's lost his mind...
he's destroying himself!
And that makes my job
so much easier...
Yuma, I now realize that
you are a devious individual.
Your actions have stained my
spirit with sadness,
doubt and anger.
(growling)
Let's do this again,
shall we?
Dark Charge!
Utopia Ray V,
attack Masquerade!
The fact is...
I can no longer
trust you.
(Flip)
Guys, this is
absolutely disastrous!
If Yuma keeps this up and he
gets down to 500 life points,
Sargasso's effect's gonna
wipe him out!
Yuma!
You have
to stop this!
??
Astral.
Yuma.
Why are
you here?
I...
I wanted to come
here and say sorry to you.
There is no need
for that.
You betrayed me by
keeping your friendship
with a Barian secret...
so I lost my
trust in you.
But as a result, I have
acquired a new power.
Evil, Yuma.
Evil.
Now I see.
Your betrayal and your lies
have created within me
the power
of anger.
Let's do
this again!
Utopia Ray V, do
what you do best!
Please, stop!
One more attack and
it'll be all over for Yuma!
Look, Yuma--
Just look at me!
I am filled with
so much power!
I want more
lying, more betrayal.
They lead to doubt, anger.
The hatred they create
within me
will then even
give me more power!
Astral...
I did this!
This is my fault!
So true, and I
am grateful to you.
You brought about this
transformation in me.
Now the darkness that
is within me gives me power
to destroy anything
I desire!
The darkness
fuels my anger
and my wrath will
conquer all!
No!
(laughing)
(screaming)
Dark Charge!
Yes, attack me
and seal your doom!
(gasping)
(screaming)
What?
Astral!
Yuma, listen.
You have to stop
Utopia Ray V's attack!
Stop it now, Yuma, or
it's all over!
I end my turn!
Fine.
Then suffer
Sargasso's effect.
Astral!
You only have 100
life points left...
and you're down to
your last card!
And speaking of down, your
friend's looking a little down
on his luck, Yuma.
Just give up.
(Yuma)
No... never!
There's no way you
can stop me.
Yuma...
Have it
your way.
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Barian's Force!
I rank up Masquerade
into a Chaos Xyz Monster!
I overlay Rank 4 Masquerade!
With it, I rebuild
the Overlay Network!
Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Appear Chaos Number 104:
Umbral Horror Masquerade!
Vector's Chaos Number!
Due to Barian's Force,
my Chaos Xyz Monster
absorbs all of
Utopia Ray V's Overlay Units.
Since it took one
Overlay Unit,
your monster now
loses 300 attack points!
And things only get worse
because Umbral Horror Masquerade
destroys one of your spell
or trap cards!
I destroy
Chimera Clad!
Destroy Step!
Oh no,
Chimera Clad!
It appears that shaving
away your own life points
to raise Utopia Ray V's attack
points has all gone to waste!
You're done!
Umbral Horror Masquerade,
attack Utopia Ray V!
Yuma!
I activate the trap card
Xyz Revenge Shuffle!
I won't let you
destroy Utopia Ray V!
I send it back to my deck
and I take no damage!
But I'm
not done yet.
Unfortunately,
your Umbral Horror Masquerade
gets to attack again.
But lucky for me, I get
to summon an Xyz Monster
from my graveyard to take
Utopia Ray V's place!
So I summon Utopia!
You forgot.
If you summon
an Xyz Monster,
Sargasso's effect will
finish you off!
I activate Interceptomato's
special ability
from the graveyard!
By banishing this card, I
don't take damage from Sargasso,
so I'm still alive and
kicking your butt!
This changes nothing!
My Masquearade
will attack Utopia
and finish you
off anyway!
(Yuma)
If I had an Overlay Unit,
I could stop the attack.
I banish Spell Recycler
from my graveyard
to activate its
special ability!
That lets me send one card from
my deck to the graveyard
to return the spell card
at the bottom of my graveyard
back to my deck.
(Yuma)
I memorized all
the cards I played
and the ones Vector sent
to the graveyard.
So if I
remember correctly,
the final card in my deck is
the card I need now to win.
I hope I'm right.
I am!
I discard Xyz Agent
to retrieve a spell card
and put it back
into my deck!
Whatever!
Umbral Horror Masquerade,
finish this!
My Xyz Agent's
special ability
activates when it's in the
graveyard, Vector!
Huh?
By banishing
Xyz Agent,
Utopia can activate
its special ability
without using an
Overlay Unit!
Go Light Wing Shield!
Your friend managed to survive,
but he will not next turn.
Still, for some reason,
you believe he will win.
Yes, I do.
Tell me... Why?
Because I've seen Yuma duel
and he never gives up!
Your friend is in
for rude awakening!
Still thinking you
have a chance?
Well I'll use Umbral's
special ability to fix that!
By using one Chaos
Overlay Unit,
not only do I send a card
in your hand to the graveyard,
but you also lose half
your life points!
So I'll think I'll use two Chaos
Overlay Units to double the fun!
Say bye-bye to two cards
that you can't afford to lose!
You have 25 life points,
one card in your deck,
and no cards
in your hand.
Still think you
have a chance?
You seem a
little distracted.
Are you not worried
about your friend?
Why should
I worry?
I'm not the one who's
going up against Yuma.
The one who should be
worried is Vector.
(Vector)
This'll finish
him off.
Barian Explosion deals
1,000 points of damage
for every Barian card
in Yuma's hand.
Ta, ta Yuma!
I place one card
facedown and end my turn!
Well?
It's you move.
But is it really
worth taking?
You've lost this duel
and your good friend, Astral.
Maybe you're right.
I lost Astral because
I bought into your lies
but you're wrong about
me losing this duel.
No matter what dirty trick
you have planned for me,
I still
believe in hope.
Nothing you do can
change that...
and that's what's
gonna defeat you.
You should listen
to yourself, Yuma!
Your belief is based
on a lie!
The only hope
you have left
is that card from a "friend"
that didn't exist.
Yeah I guess
that's true.
But right now I'm dueling
for a real friend.
I have to believe
in hope and draw.
This is for Astral!
Yuma, no!
Yuma.
I'm so sorry.
Yuma, I can no longer
trust you as I did before.
And yet, despite all
that has happened,
I still have not lost my
faith in your spirit of hope.
Yuma.
Astral.
Let's high five
the sky!
No!
The time is now.
Let's do this.
(Astral)
When two hearts join together
in the spirit of hope,
nothing is impossible!
(both)
Go Zexal Morph!
It's over Vector!
(cheering)
That's quite
the getup!
But it
changes nothing.
You can dress up anyway you
like, but you still won't win!
We'll see
about that.
It's time for me to unleash
the true power of this card
and shine the light
on victory!
Shining Evolution!
What?
They changed
the card!
The light of hope
shatters the darkness
and calls forth Limited Barian's
Force's true form!
I activate
Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force!
This card ranks up Utopia
into a Chaos Xyz Monster.
I rebuild the Overlay
Network with Utopia!
Go Chaos Xyz
Evolution.
Appear,
Chaos Number 39:
Utopia Ray Victory!
Utopia Ray Victory?
I think not!
Sargasso's effect
will finish you!
The only one finished
here is you, Vector!
When Numeron Force
is activated,
it negates
Sargasso's effect!
No!
Now Utopia Ray Victory attack
Umbral Horror Masquerade!
I activate Utopia Ray
Victory's special ability!
By using one
Overlay Unit,
Utopia Ray Victory gains
your monster's attack points!
Victory Charge!
5,800 attack points!
Go, Utopia Ray Victory!
Destroy Umbral Horror
Masquerade and end this duel!
Rising Sun Double
Victory Slash!
(screaming)
Yeah, all right,
gimme five!
You did it,
Yuma!
He really
came from behind.
Yeah, took him
long enough.
(rumbling)
What's going on!?
This wasteland is collapsing
in on itself!
Mizar, we
need to go!
Dumon!
Listen to me...
The energy from Vector
and Yuma's battle
has thrown
Sargasso out of balance.
So what?
Do you want to be stuck in
this wasteland forever?
Next time...
You think you've won,
but you're wrong!
Mark my words!
The lie that stained Astral's
heart will never go away!
It'll last forever!
It'll gnaw at your bond
and destroy it!
We won,
didn't we, Astral?
Yes.
But I believe our most
difficult challenge
still lies
before us, Yuma.
Well I say...
Bring it on!
♪♪